I think that you want to join clubs or organizations that are number one
interesting to you. So even if they don't like, if they're not related
to your career But they feed your soul, then yeah, absolutely
joined them. Because that can merely be part of what makes this college
time a lot of fun. It zone opportunity to meet other people who
may be share your love of certain activities or share your values. Um,
then there are clubs that you may want to join because they are directly
related. Thio perhaps you know, a possible future career or
something like that. And so those could be really useful for, you know,
starting to establish your network. Thio, find out about other opportunities,
um, that are related also to a career that you want to
pursue or an academic track that you wanna be on. So there are different
reasons for joining clubs and organizations. Some are just purely
social and some, you know, arm or kind of like career oriented